content/undergraduate/cc.md, before:

{#cc_top}
# List of Complementary Courses

{#cmpe}
## Computer Engineering

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code",  "Course Title", "Notes"
"CMPE4XX", "All courses with the code CMPE4XX", ""
"", "EXCEPT", "CMPE443, CMPE451, and CMPE492 are not eligible."
:::

{#other-departments}
## Other Departments

{#BIO}
### BIO - Molecular Biology and Genetics 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"BIO101", "Cellular and Molecular Biology I", ""
"BIO121", "Introduction to Cell Biology", ""
"BIO152", "Introduction to Modern Biology", "September 14, 2020"
"BIO252", "Genetics", "March 8, 2021"
"BIO430", "Neuroscience", "September 21, 2020"
"BIO48B", "Bioinformatics for Biologists", ""
:::

{#BM}
### BM - Biomedical Engineering

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code",  "Course Title", "Notes"
"BM402", "Engineering in Medicine", ""
"BM519", "Biosensors", ""
"BM554", "Modeling of Biological Systems", ""
"BM586", "Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare", ""
"BM595", "Simulator Applications In Human Performance Assignment", ""
:::

{#CE}
### CE - Civil Engineering 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"CE245", "Mechanics", ""
"CE371", "Numerical Methods in Civil Engineering", ""
"CE381", "Computer Aided Design", ""
"ENGG110", "Engineering Graphics", "September 17, 2021"
:::

{#COGS}
### COGS - Cognitive Science 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"COGS500", "Introduction to Cognitive Science", ""

:::

{#EC}
### EC - Economics

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"EC48T", "Financial Modelling and Its Applications Using R", "September 21, 2022"
:::

{#EE}
### EE - Electrical and Electronics Engineering 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"EE3XX", "All courses with the code EE3XX", ""
"EE4XX", "All courses with the code EE4XX", ""
"EE5XX", "All courses with the code EE5XX", ""
"", "EXCEPT", "EE301, EE310, EE311, EE312, EE411, EE412, EE444, EE486, and EE588 are not eligible."
"", "EXCEPT", "EE484 is under the Management Pool."
:::

{#IE}
### IE - Industrial Engineering 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"IE3XX", "All courses with the code IE3XX", ""
"IE4XX", "All courses with the code IE4XX", ""
"IE5XX", "All courses with the code IE5XX", ""
"", "EXCEPT", "IE306, IE310, IE320, IE341 and IE504 are not eligible."
:::

{#LING}
### LING - Linguistics

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths:  10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"LING101", "Introduction to Language and Linguistics I", ""
"LING102", "Introduction to Language and Linguistics II", ""
"LING111", "Introduction to Language and Linguistics I", ""
"LING202", "Morphology", ""
"LING203", "Syntax", ""
"LING488", "Exploring Natural Languages by Modeling", ""
"LING48N", "Language and Cognition", ""
"LING48T", "Neurolinguistics", "July 12, 2021"
"LING580", "Theoretical Issues in Sign Languages", ""
:::

{#MATH}
### MATH - Mathematics 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths:  10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"MATH291", "Algebra I", ""
"MATH3XX", "All courses with the code MATH3XX", ""
"MATH4XX", "All courses with the code MATH4XX", ""
"MATH5XX", "All courses with the code MATH5XX", ""
"", "EXCEPT", " MATH310, MATH344 and MATH336 are not eligible."
:::

{#PHIL}
### PHIL - Philosophy

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"PHIL105", "Informal Logic", ""
"PHIL131", "Logic I", ""
"PHIL132", "Logic II", ""
"PHIL331", "Advanced Logic I", ""
"PHIL522", "Mathematical Logic", ""
:::

{#PHYS}
### PHYS - Physics

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths:  10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"PHYS311", "Modern Physics I", ""
"PHYS312", "Modern Physics II", ""
"PHYS325", "Mathematical Methods of Physics I", ""
"PHYS411", "Quantum Mechanics I", ""
"PHYS412", "Quantum Mechanics II", ""
"PHYS48B", "Wavelets", ""
"PHYS494", "Applied Fourier Analysis", ""
"PHYS497", "Information and Entropy",""
"", "PLUS", "Any quantum computation elective"
:::

{#PSY}
### PSY - Psychology

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"PSY222", "Learning", ""
"PSY271", "Introduction to Neuroscience: Brain & Behavior", ""
"PSY326", "Human Memory", ""
"PSY327", "Sensation and Perception", ""
"PSY328", "Psychology of Language", ""
"PSY484", "Selected Topics in Cognitive Psychology", ""
:::

{#SOC}
### SOC - Sociology

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"SOC490", "Introduction to Digital Humanities", "May 5, 2022"
:::

{#STS}
### STS - Physics

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"STS205", "The Climate", "June 23, 2020"
:::

## Management Pool

Students can take at most one of the following non-technical courses from AD, EC, or ENG as a complementary course.

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths:  10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"AD403", "Managerial Economics", ""
"AD407", "Decision Processes", ""
"AD432", "Entrepreneurship", ""
"AD440", "Digital Marketing", ""
"AD452", "Information Systems Management", ""
"AD462", "Legal Aspects of Intellectual Property Management", ""
"AD482", "Information Systems", ""
"AD49B", "Finance-Fintech", "November 6, 2024"
"AD574", "Management Information and Control Systems", ""
"EC203", "Microeconomics I", ""
"EC205", "Macroeconomics I", ""
"EC206", "Microeconomics II", ""
"EC331", "Econometrics", "October 1, 2021"
"EE484", "Management for Engineers", ""
"ENG493", "Technology Entrepreneurship", ""
:::

Commit message:

Clarify CMPE5XX complementary courses and eligibility notes
Added new complementary courses for Computer Engineering and updated eligibility notes for existing courses.

content/undergraduate/cc.md, after:

{#cc_top}
# List of Complementary Courses

{#cmpe}
## Computer Engineering

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code",  "Course Title", "Notes"
"CMPE4XX", "All courses with the code CMPE4XX", ""
"CMPE5XX", "All courses with the code CMPE5XX", ""

"", "EXCEPT", "CMPE443, CMPE451, and CMPE492 are not eligible."
"", "EXCEPT", "Students without senior status or a minimum GPA of 2.40 cannot enroll in CMPE5XX courses."

:::

{#other-departments}
## Other Departments

{#BIO}
### BIO - Molecular Biology and Genetics 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"BIO101", "Cellular and Molecular Biology I", ""
"BIO121", "Introduction to Cell Biology", ""
"BIO152", "Introduction to Modern Biology", "September 14, 2020"
"BIO252", "Genetics", "March 8, 2021"
"BIO430", "Neuroscience", "September 21, 2020"
"BIO48B", "Bioinformatics for Biologists", ""
:::

{#BM}
### BM - Biomedical Engineering

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code",  "Course Title", "Notes"
"BM402", "Engineering in Medicine", ""
"BM519", "Biosensors", ""
"BM554", "Modeling of Biological Systems", ""
"BM586", "Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare", ""
"BM595", "Simulator Applications In Human Performance Assignment", ""
:::

{#CE}
### CE - Civil Engineering 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"CE245", "Mechanics", ""
"CE371", "Numerical Methods in Civil Engineering", ""
"CE381", "Computer Aided Design", ""
"ENGG110", "Engineering Graphics", "September 17, 2021"
:::

{#COGS}
### COGS - Cognitive Science 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"COGS500", "Introduction to Cognitive Science", ""

:::

{#EC}
### EC - Economics

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"EC48T", "Financial Modelling and Its Applications Using R", "September 21, 2022"
:::

{#EE}
### EE - Electrical and Electronics Engineering 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"EE3XX", "All courses with the code EE3XX", ""
"EE4XX", "All courses with the code EE4XX", ""
"EE5XX", "All courses with the code EE5XX", ""
"", "EXCEPT", "EE301, EE310, EE311, EE312, EE411, EE412, EE444, EE486, and EE588 are not eligible."
"", "EXCEPT", "EE484 is under the Management Pool."
:::

{#IE}
### IE - Industrial Engineering 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"IE3XX", "All courses with the code IE3XX", ""
"IE4XX", "All courses with the code IE4XX", ""
"IE5XX", "All courses with the code IE5XX", ""
"", "EXCEPT", "IE306, IE310, IE320, IE341 and IE504 are not eligible."
:::

{#LING}
### LING - Linguistics

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths:  10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"LING101", "Introduction to Language and Linguistics I", ""
"LING102", "Introduction to Language and Linguistics II", ""
"LING111", "Introduction to Language and Linguistics I", ""
"LING202", "Morphology", ""
"LING203", "Syntax", ""
"LING488", "Exploring Natural Languages by Modeling", ""
"LING48N", "Language and Cognition", ""
"LING48T", "Neurolinguistics", "July 12, 2021"
"LING580", "Theoretical Issues in Sign Languages", ""
:::

{#MATH}
### MATH - Mathematics 

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths:  10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"MATH291", "Algebra I", ""
"MATH3XX", "All courses with the code MATH3XX", ""
"MATH4XX", "All courses with the code MATH4XX", ""
"MATH5XX", "All courses with the code MATH5XX", ""
"", "EXCEPT", " MATH310, MATH344 and MATH336 are not eligible."
:::

{#PHIL}
### PHIL - Philosophy

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"PHIL105", "Informal Logic", ""
"PHIL131", "Logic I", ""
"PHIL132", "Logic II", ""
"PHIL331", "Advanced Logic I", ""
"PHIL522", "Mathematical Logic", ""
:::

{#PHYS}
### PHYS - Physics

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths:  10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"PHYS311", "Modern Physics I", ""
"PHYS312", "Modern Physics II", ""
"PHYS325", "Mathematical Methods of Physics I", ""
"PHYS411", "Quantum Mechanics I", ""
"PHYS412", "Quantum Mechanics II", ""
"PHYS48B", "Wavelets", ""
"PHYS494", "Applied Fourier Analysis", ""
"PHYS497", "Information and Entropy",""
"", "PLUS", "Any quantum computation elective"
:::

{#PSY}
### PSY - Psychology

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"PSY222", "Learning", ""
"PSY271", "Introduction to Neuroscience: Brain & Behavior", ""
"PSY326", "Human Memory", ""
"PSY327", "Sensation and Perception", ""
"PSY328", "Psychology of Language", ""
"PSY484", "Selected Topics in Cognitive Psychology", ""
:::

{#SOC}
### SOC - Sociology

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"SOC490", "Introduction to Digital Humanities", "May 5, 2022"
:::

{#STS}
### STS - Physics

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths: 10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"STS205", "The Climate", "June 23, 2020"
:::

## Management Pool

Students can take at most one of the following non-technical courses from AD, EC, or ENG as a complementary course.

:::{csv-table}
:width: 100%
:widths:  10 40 50
:header-rows: 1

"Code", "Course Title", "Notes"
"AD403", "Managerial Economics", ""
"AD407", "Decision Processes", ""
"AD432", "Entrepreneurship", ""
"AD440", "Digital Marketing", ""
"AD452", "Information Systems Management", ""
"AD462", "Legal Aspects of Intellectual Property Management", ""
"AD482", "Information Systems", ""
"AD49B", "Finance-Fintech", "November 6, 2024"
"AD574", "Management Information and Control Systems", ""
"EC203", "Microeconomics I", ""
"EC205", "Macroeconomics I", ""
"EC206", "Microeconomics II", ""
"EC331", "Econometrics", "October 1, 2021"
"EE484", "Management for Engineers", ""
"ENG493", "Technology Entrepreneurship", ""
:::
